Do you want subtitles for any video?
-=[ ai.OpenSubtitles.com ]=-
Translated line by line from Japanese.
with great effort.
UncleSubs
Nozaki.
you haven't gone home yet?
Yeah.
Are you waiting for someone?
What?
Well...
Yeah.
Got it...
See you tomorrow then.
She's here.
You really came.
Nozaki.
It's better if you stop putting
your shoes in your locker.
No way!
What is she going to do tomorrow?
Seriously. you can't!
Absolutely impossible.
Oh. you're up for it?
Bon voyage!
My goodness!
How awful!
Disgusting!
No way!
Don’t look over here. you ugly!
Nozaki. why don't you go back to Tokyo?
We will miss you.
I can't believe Aiba was taken
away by an ugly girl like you.
Do you have any idea how Taeko felt?
Do you have any idea?
I'm so scared!
Taeko. let's go home.
Girls. seriously. that's boring.
Shut up!
Hey...
I've already told you before...
I really don't give a damn about Aiba.
But...
We get it. right?
Yeah.
Let's go.
I found you! Sis!
Shou.
Shou!
Shou. don't cry.
Don't cry.
So you mean...
my students are bullying her?
Ms. Minami.
Haruka is also one of your students. right?
Yeah.
Why you...
Mr. Nozaki.
Our school is going to
be shut down this year.
In these critical final days
Don't you think it's better
to avoid trouble?
In this small-rural town.
Including me. just a mere ten odd
students will graduate this year.
Except for me. they have
been together since childhood.
The future is also the same
they would always be
together until they die.
GO AWAY AND DIE!
In two months...
we're going to graduate.
LIVERLEAF
Let's go!
He deserves it!
Ms. Minami...
Nozaki's table looks horrible!
Wow. just ignore us!
Why did you do something so stupid?
You too.
Stop it!
It was not her who did it.
It was me.
I'm the one who did it.
Brat.
What?
Brat!
Ms. Minami!
Miss!
Gross!
Today. Kyon threw up again.
Kyon is a puke teacher.
She is throwing up!
Then she cleans it up by herself.
I'm home.
Welcome home.
Dad!
What happened to you?
He got beaten at school today.
Haruka.
Don't go to school anymore.
You don't have to force yourself.
We had moved to this town
because of my job.
I'm really sorry.
The graduation day will come soon.
Just stay at home safely.
I'm sure you will find good
friends in high school.
Okay?
Hello. Grandpa?
Yes...
Sister?
She's got a fever.
Let me see.
You still have a fever.
just take it easy today.
Okay?
Sis. are you okay?
Yeah I'm okay.
what about you?
Me?
Of course I'm fine!
Be careful on the way.
Well. it's getting interesting.
It looks like we are professionals.
You can get a job with this.
Hey Taeko
Nozaki hasn't come to
school for three days.
Maybe she won't come anymore.
Who knows?
Let's send somebody to check on her.
We really like her. right?
Rumi!
Don't look this way.
That grin of hers.
so disgusting as always.
You should convince her to
come back to school tomorrow.
If it doesn't work out...
You'll be promoted to "target".
Disgusting.
Gross!
And bring the "trophy" too. okay?
You're terrible. you keep telling her
not to go to school. then to go...
Shut up!
Do you really have a fever?
Yeah.
A-Are you feeling better?
That's a relief.
I'm sorry.
What a beautiful song.
can I borrow it?
What?
Sure.
Ah. I almost forgot.
Stop it!
What are you going to do
with the pictures of me?
N-no. I’m not going to do anything…
I’m not going to do anything.
I'm sorry.
Nozaki. you have already recovered. right?
Please come to school tomorrow.
Otherwise I... get... get...
in trouble. you know?
Trouble?
I will be in trouble. troubled.
But. I'm not going to
go to school anymore. so...
What?
No way.
Nozaki. if you don't come to school...
They will be targeting me.
This CD. does it really belong to her?
Yes.
I... I borrowed it from Nosaka.
If it's yours. I will kill you.
What about Nozaki?
Did she say anything else?
She said we were pissing her off.
With the sick face she had. she wanted
me to get out quickly.
Fuck.
You didn't get lots of loot.
This can't be counted as evidence. right?
I asked you to take a picture.
In that case...
Rumi. you will be the target.
Congratulations.
Taeko.
What do we do with this CD?
Sis. who is he?
Your friend?
What are you taking pictures of?
Liverleaf.
Liverleaf?
This rebellious plant survives
the harsh winter...
and blooms as if it were breaking
through the snow.
When spring comes.
this area will be covered in liverleaf.
Then. I can take good pictures.
You are so cool. Big bro!
Is she your sister?
Yes.
My name is Nozaki Shouko.
This town...
has nothing. right?
You also transferred school like me. right?
Yeah.
My granma lives in this town.
so I came here by myself
I see.
Big bro. can you take a picture of us?
Enough.
Sure.
Then stand side by side over there.
It's the first time I take
a picture of people.
I feel really nervous.
Get ready!
Taeko is an aspiring
hairdresser. right?
And you're getting a free haircut.
what a great deal!
It's not like that.
Your dull hair do makes you looks gloomy.
Ah. I see.
What do you think. Rumi?
Feeling refreshed?
Y-yes...
It feels nice and light.
I guess...
It's not looking good. is it?
You just needed
to bring Nozaki back.
Yeah...
Come on.
Don't you hate that girl or
something like that?
What do you think of her?
I want to kill her.
What?
I want her dead.
Wow. you look so cute in the photos!
Hey. hey. Shoko's going too!
Shoko can't go. no. no.
She has homework. right?
Come on! Dad will be home soon.
Sister!
Look. I did it in art class.
I thought I would give it to you.
Wow!
It's so cute.
Actually. I wanted put
in the cloverleaf. but
Thank you.
You two look perfect together.
You little fool!
I'm leaving.
Have a nice day.
It's so beautiful.
If the snow comes.
the view will be more beautiful.
It's going to snow?
Yes. it will.
It's almost time.
I'm sorry.
It's okay.
Nozaki!
Thank you for today.
You are welcome.
When spring comes.
let's go to see the liverleaf.
Yes.
when spring comes around.
Those... aren't they...
I think there are still people inside.
- Danger. stand back!
- Does she live here?
They are still in there.
What are you guys doing?
you two will die.
Nozaki!
Shouko!
Dad!
Mom!
Aiba!
What are you doing? go back!
There's a boy inside!
Get out of here!
The boy went inside.
No...
She is still breathing!
Call an ambulance! Hurry up!
Nozaki!
Kazuo…
your dad...
held her tightly in his arms.
as if he were protecting Shouko.
Should I take it upstairs?
Put it over there. please.
Okay.
Taeko.
Thank you. mom.
Yesterday's fire...
looks like it was in
your classmate's house.
It seems his parents died in the fire...
That's a shame.
Let me know when the class
is collecting money for the funeral.
Right.
What's wrong?
Nothing. I'm leaving.
If they find out. it's over.
We'll be arrested.
Calm down. calm down.
No one saw. there is no evidence.
Didn't you burn your hand?
Isn't that evidence?
It's not like that.
Are you guys scared?
Because...
we killed someone.
Oh yeah.
This all is Kuga's fault.
Hold on.
But. you know...
I only planned to scare her a bit.
I didn't think it would go too far.
The way the group leader freaked out...
I was honestly a bit scared.
However...
Taeko wouldn't say
anything to anyone. right?
Taeko's fine.
I'm more worried about
these two than her.
Hey.
Stop crying.
If my parents know. I...
I will die.
Hey Taeko.
Have you heard the story?
After you left...
it was amazing!
I wish you'd seen it.
Could you please not touch my desk?
I want you to stop going out
with Taeko until graduation.
They hate you. don't they?
I want you to graduate
with good feelings.
We don't want any trouble.
Miss...
Yes?
For you...
what is Taeko to you?
What do you mean?
We're friends.
Why do you ask?
Taeko!
I want to dye my hair again.
There's no one in my house today.
can you dye it for me?
Hey!
I'm home.
I heard from your mother.
Tokyo schools won't allow it.
But there's a school for hairdressers.
just not here.
After you graduate from school.
it's up to me to decide your future.
Decide?
What about my dreams?
Come on. honey.
She hasn't even graduated
high school.
Listen to me.
I'm not going to let you
to live on your own.
When are you coming back this time?
I will call you when I know.
You are awful.
You missed everything.
I just like to modify things. you know?
I'm kind of inexperienced.
It's a shame to mess with everything
and not actually use it.
It gets frustrating.
I'm always frustrated. Mamiya.
Because it's a damn town.
No karaoke. no arcade.
or video rental shops.
There is no entertainment here.
How come everyone doesn't get ill?
But Mamiya. you know...
It might be twisted to say this
but that day my heart was beating so fast.
I felt completely free.
Your existence is twisted in itself.
I told you not to get cheap beer.
you idiot!
Dad...
Buy it again.
But it's already late.
I don't have any money...
Enough. just go!
Nozaki!
You don't have to force
yourself to come to school.
Maybe it's not my business.
But...
is there anything I can do for you?
Say something.
Your voice?
What's going on?
That's disgusting.
Where's Rumi?
She ran away.
Forget her.
Whatever. she's disgusting.
We'll do it on our own.
Nozaki...
You must be in a lot of pain. right?
We...
What are you talking about?
It has nothing to do with us.
Nosaki. come on...
Are you going to kill yourself?
Tachibana. what are you talking about?
Look at her face.
She already figured it out.
Are you serious?
You two. come over here.
You know...
I had thought about dying
every single day.
But after I saw your mother burn to death
I realized I didn't want to die.
For the first time I felt that way!
Because...
they seemed to feel a lot of pain.
You're getting on my nerves!
Hurry up. I can't wait for you
to do something.
What's this?
Isn't it better if I don't touch it?
You bitch!
Nozaki!
Dad...
Hold on!
Please wait! Listen to me!
It was Kuga's fault!
Yes. it was Kuga!
Did you see the burn on Kuga's hand?
That's the proof.
It was Kuga who set your mother on fire!
So we have nothing to do with it!
Wait!
Mom... mom...
It's been snowing a lot lately.
Yes. class might be cancelled tomorrow.
I heard that Tachibana. Mishima and Katou
haven't come home since yesterday.
Really?
Maybe the three ran away together.
Maybe. It's possible.
Look. a police car!
Oh. really?
- Police car?
- Wow. that's cool.
There are policemen too.
They really came!
Why are you all so scared?
It must be because of the three
who didn't come home.
Yeah...
It's so cold. I'm going home.
Nozaki?
What's wrong?
Are you skipping school today too?
What do you want?
What's your problem?
Oh my God...
Don't get close!
Don't come over!
It hurts!
Don't come any closer!
I wasn't the only one who did that...
Got it.
The school will be closed tomorrow
because of the snow.
Excuse me.
Yes.
Yes!
I tried calling her.
but she doesn't want to get out of the bed.
It's okay.
I just came to visit her.
Spring is just around the corner.
It just takes a little more patience.
When she graduates.
I'm taking Haruka and Shoko
back to Tokyo.
Aiba...
until the graduation ceremony.
I'd like you to take care of her.
Sure.
We have to shovel the snow tomorrow.
Rumi. can you help me?
Yeah. sure.
What's wrong?
It's pretty rare. you staying
in the living room all this time.
What's wrong?
No... I just have a request.
What's it?
I would like to sleep with you tonight.
What? Why?
Nothing's happened.
Rumi. you are still a spoiled brat.
aren't you?
Okay. get the quilt.
Okay.
Hello?
Hey Rumi!
What's up?
Don't what's up me! Idiot!
Kuga's disappeared.
It seems he hasn't come home.
Those three girls went missing.
and now it's him.
We can be sure now.
It's Nozaki.
Nosaka attacked those girls from the back.
A... Attacked from behind?
Maybe the next one is you.
the mastermind.
Don't talk nonsense!
We have to make a move
before she comes for us.
We are going to take
care of her tomorrow.
Well. just wait and see.
Will you be all right on your own?
Be careful.
She left!
I didn't think you'd miss her
at this distance.
Do you get nervous when
the target is a person?
Shut up!
She ran away so fast.
But don't you think it
feels more like a hunt now?
You're not going to kill anyone
with a toy gun. are you?
What about if we split up?
I'm starting to get excited. Mamiya.
In this shitty place. with nothing...
your existence is like poison.
Because you are too beautiful.
Nozaki!
I threatened your father
with this crossbow.
I was the one who
set your house on fire.
Don't you want to
avenge your family?
Nozaki.
I never thought
I could see you so close.
You damn bitch girl!
Get out of the way.
You are getting in the way. asshole.
Ikegawa…
Nozaki.
I love you.
I've liked you for a long time...
in love with you.
You're out of your mind!
Time out! Time out!
I said. time out. bitch!
Ms. Minami.
My son. Hidetoshi
has not returned home yet.
Mrs. Kuga. I'm sorry. but we don't...
Why. principal...
didn't three students
from the same class go home?
Ms. Minami. you are their
homeroom teacher. right?
Don't you have any ideas?
What?
What are you laughing at?
This woman is insane.
You are the insane one here.
Ah. my bad.
I said it out loud.
Stop it!
Principal. stop it.
A cold wave has been hitting the
Japanese archipelago since Saturday...
is causing heavy snowfalls
and snowstorms...
You're late.
I was worried.
What... happened?
You must be cold.
Go take a shower.
Excuse me. is anyone home?
Nozaki?
I thought...
I would never see you again.
I have always wanted to see you.
I wanted to see you.
Nozaki?
I will protect you.
Thank you...
When all this snow is gone.
And after you graduate.
Let's go back to grandpa's house in Tokyo.
And we're moving
Shoko to another hospital too.
Let's get out of here.
Grandpa. I'm sorry.
Shouko...
I'm sorry.
Haruka. do you want to stay here?
Shouko's transfer procedure
is already in process.
But...
It's okay.
Let's take it easy.
Tokyo?
Are you going to Tokyo?
What about the school
you were planning to go to?
I won't go to the local
high school in this town.
I'll be going to school at night
and working in Tokyo.
There is someone
I want to live with there.
Because she...
she has nobody to count on.
Rumi. it's time for breakfast.
I don't want it.
Tell me if you want to eat.
I will make it for you anytime.
I want to kill her.
What?
I want her dead.
Hey Rumi.
Did you just say "I want to kill her"?
I heard that too.
She certainly said.
I heard it too. "I want to kill her".
Even you have no guts.
So stop talking nonsense!
I'll do it.
I can do it.
I'm gonna kill her.
I will pour kerosene over her house.
And make it look like a fire.
Burn her to death.
Why are you getting so excited. idiot!
Hey you. how many phone
calls are you going to make?
Taeko.
I'm going to be killed.
I'm going to be killed by her.
You reap what you sow. right?
Taeko!
I'm hanging up.
Hang on. wait! wait!
What's it now?
Tachibana and the other two.
I found them lying dead on the back hill.
They were killed.
Liar!
I told the truth. please believe me.
Maybe you are going to get killed as well.
and I will be the next one.
Have I done anything that
would make her want to kill me?
It's your fault!
What?
Taeko.
Don't you hate her?
Because Nozaki... stole Aiba from you.
You got the wrong idea.
There's no way I could ever
like that guy!
Then why?
Why did you let everyone
bully her like that?
Myo-chan...
don't say...
No way!
Don't talk to me like you know me.
Die.
Hey. are you really going to do it?
Seriously. this is so funny.
Hey Rumi.
If you do it halfway.
you are going to have it rough.
Those who are afraid
should just go back home.
Before you regret it.
What are you talking about?
You've got a lot of guts. huh.
You're pretty brave. aren't you?
If that's the case.
we'll also cooperate fully.
- Right?
- Yeah.
But in return...
If the mastermind. that's you. backs out.
I'll seriously kill you.
What was that?
It's a test of courage for her.
Taeko's going too. right?
That's so boring.
I'm going home.
Taeko.
just wait and see!
Good luck.
♪ The path ♪
(hitori de)
♪ that I walked alone ♪
(aruku)
♪ turned the journey ♪
(michi nori ga)
♪ into something sad ♪
(sabishi monoda to)
♪ When I felt this ♪
(kanjita toki)
♪ The living beings ♪
(nukumori o motsu)
♪ that have warmth ♪
(ikimono tachi wa)
♪ began to hold hands ♪
(tagaini te o)
(tori hajimeru)
Excuse me.
Is anybody here?
Ah. thank you.
I'm sorry. grandpa.
Can you go back first?
Yeah. well. be careful.
This...
I have to give it back.
I've been thinking about it.
Have you been listening to this?
It feels like a long time ago.
You and me...
It's been a long time since
we've been like this.
Taeko. haven't you been sleeping?
What kind of question is that?
Why are you so scared?
Because...
Don't you think you're acting weird?
Could it be that I'm weird?
I'm the one who caused the death
of your family. and yet...
Maybe it's true.
I...
What should I...
say to you?
I'm...
I'm not the kind of person...
you need to apologize to.
I'm not.
You fool.
Remember when I first came to school?
It was you Taeko. the first person
who spoke to me.
She wanted to go to Tokyo...
She told me she had a dream
of becoming a hairdresser there.
Nozaki. do you have a minute?
However...
I was hurting her.
It's not like that!
I was never jealous of you and Aiba.
I was...
What?
It’s nothing.
Nozaki. do you have a minute?
I just couldn't forgive you for
leaving me because of that guy.
I wanted her to look only at me.
How did we end up in this situation?
It's been nice talking to you.
Taeko!
Live with your head held high.
Nozaki!
Please...
Forgive me!
Rumi!
You're a real pain in the ass.
You are screaming!
You are screaming! You are screaming!
The cool Taeko. she screamed!
How pathetic... Are you stupid or what?
Ela gritou de dor!
You crazy bitch!
Ta... Taeko!
Taeko!
Does it hurt? Does it hurt?
Because of something stupid you did.
Why don't you just
go to hell. stupid bitch?
I don't understand what
you're talking about.
It's fucking annoying.
Everyone. without exception. clings to me
gets sick and goes crazy
on their own.
I'm sick of you all!
Why did you go to her house?
You have always looked at
me with your lewd eyes.
Did you think if you killed her.
you will get my attention?
I did it for you Taeko...
I did it for you...
Disgusting!
Taeko...
You fucking disgusting murderer!
I did it for you Taeko!
The fearless Taeko.
I liked her.
Now...
it just looks like an old. dirty rag.
With these hands...
how am I going to...
hold scissors?
Yes.
Haruka!
Aiba is calling.
Hello!
You see...
I've heard from your grandpa.
You are going back to
Tokyo after you graduate.
Yeah.
But...
I know.
I just convinced my granny about that.
I'm not going to school from here.
I'm going to Tokyo with you.
What?
I will find a place and work.
You don't have to worry about anything.
But...
I probably won't be able to go.
Why?
You'll understand when
spring arrives.
So. Aiba...
Why don't you go to school here?
Didn't you promise me?
I said I would protect you.
You promised me...
Didn't you promise?
It's not because of me.
You're going to choose your family.
aren't you?
Grandpa.
You never ask me anything.
Whenever you're ready.
You can talk to me.
All right?
It's almost done. right?
Granny?
What's wrong? Are you still sitting here?
If you sleep here.
you will catch a cold.
Mitsuru...
Granny...
has always believed in you. but...
You've...
always been like this...
Did you stab your dad?
That was different.
Because dad was hitting mom
every single day.
I just tried to make him stop.
Then what about your mother?
No. no...
When I stabbed Dad in the back
with a cutter...
there's no one left to hit mom...
But she still wanted someone to beat her.
wanted someone to beat her.
So I did it for her.
Let's stop talking about the past.
I'm sorry. Granny.
I love you very much. Grandma.
I loved mom and dad too.
When it comes to someone I love.
I'm a disaster.
I get angry...
and end up losing control.
When I asked Nozaki to live with me
she said she wanted to be with her family.
Actually. she wants to live with me.
Tomorrow I'm going to see her grandpa.
I'll ask him directly.
Rumi! What happened?
Leave me alone!
I'm coming in. okay?
Don’t come in. you filthy old hag!
Don't be so nice to me.
Don't be kind...
No matter what happens...
mommy is on your side.
I have to do it.
Tomorrow.
are you going to visit your sister?
Yeah.
It looks like the snow will weaken too.
That's right.
I heard that Taeko-chan has also
been out of contact since yesterday.
My daughter hasn't returned
home for several days either.
If something happened
with my daughter. I...
Ms. Minami.
That woman...
It's her fault.
Ms. Kuga. please calm down.
Even though several of your own
students are missing..
You seem quite calm. don't you?
I heard from my daughter...
that Mr. Minami saw
Taeko-chan as a 'friend'
This woman is insane.
Because of this. if I'm crazy
then I wouldn't be fit to be
a teacher. right?
Mr. Tachibana!
I heard...
that you’re from
Otsuma Junior High School.
And they said you were
bullied back then.
I get it.
I get sick looking at you.
You went crazy because
of the bullying. didn’t you?
I bet our kids were scared too. huh?
Actually...
I think you killed a student. didn't you?
That's terrible!
You all know it too. don’t you?
Our children are not the type to
let others manipulate them.
They're the kind who do something.
Do you want to puke again?
You puke girl!
Seriously. just die.
Annoying. isn't it?
Yeah. that's so annoying.
No!
I'm a teacher!
To erase that hateful past
in which I was bullied...
I wanted to relive my middle
school years all over again.
Even if it was as a teacher.
I wanted to go back to school
and make friends!
I just wanted to graduate
at Otsuma School...
at Otsuma School!
That was it!
I can't believe she threw up!
It's disgusting.
Miss! Miss!
Ms. Minami!
Miss!
What is the room number for Ms. Nozaki?
Gross!
What are you doing here?
Don't come near me. you murderer!
You don't want your sister
to be burned twice. do you?
If it gets burned any more...
You won't be able to eat any more.
Your precious barbecue.
Even if she's alive. it's useless.
I will finish her off for you.
Are you going to kill someone
in front of your sister?
I heard you were here.
I just came to see you.
Nozaki!
Your grandpa.
Your grandpa. he called an ambulance.
While you were here.
someone attacked him.
Nozaki. it will be okay.
Don't worry.
Coming through!
- Grandpa...
- Coming through!
Grandpa!
Aiba!
Show me your hands.
Why?
Let me see your hands.
Let me see your hands!
Let me see them!
It's from yesterday.
I got the scar when I was trying
to convince my grandma...
But...
I did it for us.
Even your grandfather...
I want him to understand me well.
Because we...
have to live together.
Right?
Nozaki...
Ah. damn it.
If it weren't for you...
That's why you started the fire?
Eh. it smells bad.
What are you guys doing?!
Hey old lady.
I'd like you to keep this a secret.
We are leaving today
but if you tell anyone...
We'll be coming back. you know?
Go ahead. Kuga.
I kinda want to see someone burn to death.
What are you saying. idiot!
Mom?
It was a really bad smell.
from your mother when she burned up.
Don't!
Kanako!
Don't...
Dad!
Don't do it!
Stop it!
What are you doing?
What are you going to do?
What are you going to do?!
Shut up!
Don't!
Hey. Rumi!
Hey...
Stop... stop please!
Stop...
Stop!
Nozaki!
You're safe now.
It was not like what you think.
Don't get me wrong. Nozaki
That day...
your father was covering
and protecting Shouko.
I thought it was very impressive.
I thought he was a real example of a father
who loves his child.
The bravery of such a father...
I just thought I'd show it to you
at some point.
I can't believe you're trying to kill me.
I said I would protect you. didn't I?
I said I'd protect you. didn't I?!
Nozaki!
Why don't you understand?
Your sister won't last very long.
And Grandpa's not gonna make it.
The only person you can
count on is me.
Right?
Look over here.
And a smile. please.
Nozaki.
The liverleaf!
It's such a strong flower.
It's just like Nozaki.
With that injury.
you are going to die here.
Hey. Nozaki.
Promise me that you'll live with me.
I'll take you to the hospital.
Let's live together.
Your smile...
I want to take one more picture.
Oguro Taeko.
Yes. sir.
♪ The path ♪
(hitori de)
♪ that I walked alone ♪
(aruku)
Oguro Taeko.
♪ turned the journey ♪
(michi nori ga)
♪ into something sad ♪
(sabishi monoda to)
♪ When I felt this ♪
(kanjita toki)
♪ The living beings ♪
(nukumori o motsu)
♪ that have warmth ♪
(ikimono tachi wa)
♪ began to hold hands ♪
(tagaini te o)
(tori hajimeru)
I'd like it if you always cut my hair.
Nozaki...
Let's go to Tokyo together.
♪ If encounters change people ♪
(deai ga hito)
(okaeru nonara)
♪ Then I haven't met you yet ♪
(mada minu anata o)
♪ I will wait for you ♪
(machimashou)
♪ The waters (feelings) ♪
(karada o nagareru)
♪ that flow through my body ♪
(mizu tachi wa)
♪ Don't let me hide lies ♪
(jibun ni uso o)
(tsukenaikara)
♪ Eventually. what I can see ♪
(me ni mieru mono wa izure)
♪ Even if it disappears ♪
(kieusete mo)
♪ Continues to echo in your heart ♪
(kokoro ni hibiku mono wa)
♪ What remains... ♪
(nokotte iku)
♪ Divide and spread ♪
(wakete kudasai)
♪ your feelings ♪
(anata no kimochi o)
♪ If you're sad now ♪
(ima kanashi nonara)
♪ Let your tears flow here ♪
(koko de namida o nagashi)
♪ If you're happy now ♪
(ima ureshii nonara)
♪ Let's smile! ♪
(waratte shimaou)
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm